So. You’ve done it.


Ya wanna stick around for a while or do you have to go… dunno, to friends and family?

Either way; I’ll be sitting here.
If you leave, tell me and I’ll close the door, I’m freezin here.


You still there? Cool. Want some tea? Up for a game of chess?
Oh, dumb me, I’m not even letting you speak….
Say, did you like it? The game, by the way.
I’ve tried my best to make it how it is. But even now… I feel like it’s… not enough.
Still remember when I was 9, trying making an undertale fangame. I didn’t even use my own code at the time! I know, ridicolous! The guy that made the engine was…  “GickyR” or something.
I’ve had a few, minimal interactions with him, he’s nice!
Anyway… after my first idea didn’t work out, I tried my best to differenciate my game from a “generic” “understale” fangame… yet… little changed. The more i worked on it, the more i felt unhappy about it, too.
So, I took a break.
Anyway. 3 years ago I was searching random topics and groups on G+… That’s where i found ‘em. Some of my most-trustworthy friends, even now. The “Denpa” Men community. I had recently picked backup the second game in the series, and i was pretty good at it, too. I was one of the top scorers in the PvP mode. So, we all chat and get to know each other pretty well. Everybody was always nice to me. Some time down the line, we moved our conversations to Discord. There i met many more people, They were nice, too.
At that time, i had begun distantiating myself, and I had picked up the “game-dev” thing again.
Heck, I even made a GameJolt page for it! Some time later, after having finished EarthBound and Mother3, i wanted more, like, a remake for modern platforms or something.
So, i scoured gamejolt and found this “Remake” in RPGMaker. I took a look at it and i noticed some pretty big flaws, gameplay-wise. So I contacted the creator, and we discussed a bit. Soon after we became friends, and i forcefully infiltrated his twitch streams at the start. It helped me open a bit. Before, i was always afraid of Interactions with others. Thanks to David, I was introduced to Svampgurka, who I consider to be a good friend, too.
In 2020, after 2 years of work, I was unhappy with what i had, so i decided to throw it all out and start from scratch. And now… here’s where it’s at.

I’m writing this before having even implemented the battle system… Yet, i feel like i didn’t make this game. It made me. It defined who i am now. And I am so happy about it. My life wasn’t one worth living. Not because i ever had any troubles, but mostly because I looked at life in a negative way. Since the start of the 2020 development, so much has changed and i feel much happier with who i am now. I started lifting and paying more attention to what i eat, et cetera.
In short, If you’ve played through this. I thank you from the depths of my heart, because you, too, are a part of my life.

Why did I go on this topic, i don’t remember.
But I want you to remember something.
No matter how tough life can be, in actuality, or even in your head.
Always Remember.
You can do great things in your life; And nothing’s stopping you.
Shine on, you crazy diamond! Never give up!
And I’ll be here, if you need help.
As you’ve been here through a big chunck of my path in this weird adventure called life.
Weirdly philosiphical, ain’t it?


I digress.
You probably have other stuff to do.
You’re free to leave now.
And thank you again for tuning in to a teen’s futile rambling.
